gettingStartedResources.md, before:

# PowerApps support and learning resources

Created: Thu Nov 1 07:09:49 PDT 2018
Updated: Sat Dec 29 12:23:44 PST 2018

## PowerPlatform Documentation

- [Official (AWESOME!) Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powerapps/powerapps-overview)
  
## PowerPlatform Licensing

- [Pricing](https://powerapps.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/)
- [O365 Plans that include PowerApps](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-gb/powerapps/administrator/pricing-billing-skus#licenses)

## Power Platform YouTube: "Folks to follow"

- [Mr Dang](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHFgcqnAXS_g4w2xtN5dIAg)
    - Great teacher of all things PowerPlatform!
- [Audrie Gordon](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCspdrsKTBXJTGuco6U3KF0Q)
    - Awesome individual! Leading edge of all things PowerPlatform.
- [Shane Young](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7_OGRP8BYvtGB8eZdPG6Ng)
    - Down-to-earth, approachable and powerful tutorials.
- [Daniel Christian](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2v4TcvO4rdDdfqd6rUR5yg)
    - Deep dive and very cutting edge applications.
- [Kathryn Birstein](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmlaKMffvloF_H4SeQpnE4g)
    - PowerApps + SQL focused. Very detailed!
- [Vivek Bavishi](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVGIh8qGGlecBCJk6fKI9wA)
    - Pushing the limits of PowerPlatform!
- [Paul O'Flaherty](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnUwvZBeu4P_desNZthZWiA)
    - PowerApps + SQL + Azure Cognitive Services + all around great tutorials.
- [Paul Kroon](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTZo6i_GIS2nsQrh3uV-TYw)
    - End-to-end tutorials on PowerApp design and construction.
- [Guy in a Cube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFp1vaKzpfvoGai0vE5VJ0w)
    - Very approachable and hip PowerBI tutorials. Well produced and super useful!
- [Curbal](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJ7UhloHSA4wAqPzyi6TOkw)
    - One of the most prolific PowerBI YouTubers!
- [5 Minute Power Platform](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaEvSp9BEo9HaEKPovP5lEw)
    - Very useful tidbits. Well explained!
- [Richard Burdes](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwPwG0g0-RYJbekkB72cKLg)
    - Beautiful PowerApp UI's!
- [Todd Baginski](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgfWTteglpvN3wDdCx9nmhw)
    - Nicely explained PowerPlatform tutorials.
- [Pragmatic Works](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5CugyvTdOloiuTc9nN09TA)
    - Many nice PowerPlatform tutorials.
- [Jon Levesque](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClBCcDTylJUzvP8sycg6pEA)
    - Capt. Flow himself!
- [Laura Rogers](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbTVoDCaPM6wE0xsDGGr9VA)
    - Weekly PowerPlatform livecast.
- [Chris Clark](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcnipLKJqqj6vuUQlugUeRw/videos)
    - Couple useful videos!
- [Microsoft Developer](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcnipLKJqqj6vuUQlugUeRw)
    - Lots of cutting edge content here!
- [Microsoft PowerApps](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGfWR2ekfRFckLjev6eQYLg)
    - Microsofts official(?) PowerApps YouTube channel
    
## PowerPlatform Twitter "Folks to Follow"

- [Audrie Gordon aka Artsy PowerApper](https://twitter.com/ArtsyPowerApper)
- [Mr Dang aka 8bit Classroom](https://twitter.com/8bitclassroom)
- [Shane Young aka PowerApps911](https://twitter.com/ShanesCows)
- [Emma Cooper, PowerApps PM](https://twitter.com/PowerEmmz)
- [Daniel Christian](https://twitter.com/dchristian19)
- [Hiro aka PowerAddict](https://twitter.com/mofumofu_dance)
- [Tim aka timl](https://twitter.com/ShortForTim)
- [Antoinette Naranjo](https://twitter.com/tianaranjo)

## PowerPlatform Communities

You absolutely MUST join these communities if you are going to get into the PowerPlatform! Microsoft employees actively monitor and participate in each forum. Report bugs, ask questions, get answers!

- [PowerApps Community](https://powerusers.microsoft.com/t5/PowerApps-Community/ct-p/PowerApps1)
    - "General Discussion" forum is incredibly active.
- [PowerBI Community](https://community.powerbi.com/)
    - The oldest(?) of the PowerPlatform communities. Has over 244k posts in the "Desktop" forum!
- [Flow Community](https://powerusers.microsoft.com/t5/Microsoft-Flow-Community/ct-p/FlowCommunity)
    - Great community to report bugs, ask questions and get Flow answers!
- [Stack Exchange PowerApps Newest Questions](https://stackoverflow.com/search?tab=newest&q=powerapps)
    - Getting MANY more questions here. Lots of expertise.

## PowerPlatform Blogs

These are some great blogs to follow to get the latest, greatest PowerPlatform information!
- [PowerApps Community Blog](https://powerusers.microsoft.com/t5/PowerApps-Community-Blog/bg-p/PowerAppsBlog)
- [Official PowerApps Blog](https://powerapps.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/)
- [Meneghino's Personal Blog](https://baizini-it.com/blog/)
    - One of the best!
- [Carlos Figueira's Personal Blog](https://www.carlosag.net/)
    - Awesome, awesome work!

## Live Events

- [Meetups](https://meetup.com)
    - Search for Meetups in your area with keywords like "PowerPlatform", "PowerApps", "Power BI", etc.
- [Microsoft Business Application Summit (MBAS)](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/BusinessApplicationsSummit)
    - AWESOME annual event that showcases the entire PowerPlatform!
- [Microsoft Ignite](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/ignite)
- [Microsoft Future Decoded](https://futuredecoded.com/)
- [PowerPlatform User Groups (UG)](https://www.powerplatformug.com/home)
    - New community of PowerPlatform User Groups forming across the world.
    - They have a new group of community forums as well.
- [PowerSummit](https://www.powerugsummit.com/home)

## Best Practices

- [Canvas App Coding Standards and Best Practices](https://pahandsonlab.blob.core.windows.net/documents/PowerApps%20canvas%20app%20coding%20standards%20and%20guidelines.pdf)
- [PowerApps and Flow Governance White Paper](https://aka.ms/powerappsadminwhitepaper)

Commit message:

added April Dunham and Rory Neary YouTube channels

gettingStartedResources.md, after:

# PowerApps support and learning resources

Created: Thu Nov 1 07:09:49 PDT 2018
Updated: Sat Dec 29 12:23:44 PST 2018

## PowerPlatform Documentation

- [Official (AWESOME!) Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powerapps/powerapps-overview)
  
## PowerPlatform Licensing

- [Pricing](https://powerapps.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/)
- [O365 Plans that include PowerApps](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-gb/powerapps/administrator/pricing-billing-skus#licenses)

## Power Platform YouTube: "Folks to follow"

- [Mr Dang](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHFgcqnAXS_g4w2xtN5dIAg)
    - Great teacher of all things PowerPlatform!
- [Audrie Gordon](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCspdrsKTBXJTGuco6U3KF0Q)
    - Awesome individual! Leading edge of all things PowerPlatform.
- [Shane Young](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7_OGRP8BYvtGB8eZdPG6Ng)
    - Down-to-earth, approachable and powerful tutorials.
- [Daniel Christian](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2v4TcvO4rdDdfqd6rUR5yg)
    - Deep dive and very cutting edge applications.
- [Kathryn Birstein](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmlaKMffvloF_H4SeQpnE4g)
    - PowerApps + SQL focused. Very detailed!
- [Vivek Bavishi](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVGIh8qGGlecBCJk6fKI9wA)
    - Pushing the limits of PowerPlatform!
- [Paul O'Flaherty](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnUwvZBeu4P_desNZthZWiA)
    - PowerApps + SQL + Azure Cognitive Services + all around great tutorials.
- [Paul Kroon](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTZo6i_GIS2nsQrh3uV-TYw)
    - End-to-end tutorials on PowerApp design and construction.
- [Guy in a Cube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFp1vaKzpfvoGai0vE5VJ0w)
    - Very approachable and hip PowerBI tutorials. Well produced and super useful!
- [Curbal](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJ7UhloHSA4wAqPzyi6TOkw)
    - One of the most prolific PowerBI YouTubers!
- [5 Minute Power Platform](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaEvSp9BEo9HaEKPovP5lEw)
    - Very useful tidbits. Well explained!
- [Richard Burdes](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwPwG0g0-RYJbekkB72cKLg)
    - Beautiful PowerApp UI's!
- [Todd Baginski](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgfWTteglpvN3wDdCx9nmhw)
    - Nicely explained PowerPlatform tutorials.
- [Pragmatic Works](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5CugyvTdOloiuTc9nN09TA)
    - Many nice PowerPlatform tutorials.
- [Jon Levesque](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClBCcDTylJUzvP8sycg6pEA)
    - Capt. Flow himself!
- [Laura Rogers](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbTVoDCaPM6wE0xsDGGr9VA)
    - Weekly PowerPlatform livecast.
- [Chris Clark](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcnipLKJqqj6vuUQlugUeRw/videos)
    - Couple useful videos!
- [Microsoft Developer](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcnipLKJqqj6vuUQlugUeRw)
    - Lots of cutting edge content here!
- [Microsoft PowerApps](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGfWR2ekfRFckLjev6eQYLg)
    - Microsofts official(?) PowerApps YouTube channel
- [Rory Neary](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8zM5DHeCeLlENwUedRMu6g)
    - Well done and exuberant explanations of PowerApps functionalities.
- [April Dunham](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCz_x76EBX5UXsV27drGNh6w)
    - Excellent PowerApps videos from basic to advanced.
    
## PowerPlatform Twitter "Folks to Follow"

- [Audrie Gordon aka Artsy PowerApper](https://twitter.com/ArtsyPowerApper)
- [Mr Dang aka 8bit Classroom](https://twitter.com/8bitclassroom)
- [Shane Young aka PowerApps911](https://twitter.com/ShanesCows)
- [Emma Cooper, PowerApps PM](https://twitter.com/PowerEmmz)
- [Daniel Christian](https://twitter.com/dchristian19)
- [Hiro aka PowerAddict](https://twitter.com/mofumofu_dance)
- [Tim aka timl](https://twitter.com/ShortForTim)
- [Antoinette Naranjo](https://twitter.com/tianaranjo)

## PowerPlatform Communities

You absolutely MUST join these communities if you are going to get into the PowerPlatform! Microsoft employees actively monitor and participate in each forum. Report bugs, ask questions, get answers!

- [PowerApps Community](https://powerusers.microsoft.com/t5/PowerApps-Community/ct-p/PowerApps1)
    - "General Discussion" forum is incredibly active.
- [PowerBI Community](https://community.powerbi.com/)
    - The oldest(?) of the PowerPlatform communities. Has over 244k posts in the "Desktop" forum!
- [Flow Community](https://powerusers.microsoft.com/t5/Microsoft-Flow-Community/ct-p/FlowCommunity)
    - Great community to report bugs, ask questions and get Flow answers!
- [Stack Exchange PowerApps Newest Questions](https://stackoverflow.com/search?tab=newest&q=powerapps)
    - Getting MANY more questions here. Lots of expertise.

## PowerPlatform Blogs

These are some great blogs to follow to get the latest, greatest PowerPlatform information!
- [PowerApps Community Blog](https://powerusers.microsoft.com/t5/PowerApps-Community-Blog/bg-p/PowerAppsBlog)
- [Official PowerApps Blog](https://powerapps.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/)
- [Meneghino's Personal Blog](https://baizini-it.com/blog/)
    - One of the best!
- [Carlos Figueira's Personal Blog](https://www.carlosag.net/)
    - Awesome, awesome work!

## Live Events

- [Meetups](https://meetup.com)
    - Search for Meetups in your area with keywords like "PowerPlatform", "PowerApps", "Power BI", etc.
- [Microsoft Business Application Summit (MBAS)](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/BusinessApplicationsSummit)
    - AWESOME annual event that showcases the entire PowerPlatform!
- [Microsoft Ignite](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/ignite)
- [Microsoft Future Decoded](https://futuredecoded.com/)
- [PowerPlatform User Groups (UG)](https://www.powerplatformug.com/home)
    - New community of PowerPlatform User Groups forming across the world.
    - They have a new group of community forums as well.
- [PowerSummit](https://www.powerugsummit.com/home)

## Best Practices

- [Canvas App Coding Standards and Best Practices](https://pahandsonlab.blob.core.windows.net/documents/PowerApps%20canvas%20app%20coding%20standards%20and%20guidelines.pdf)
- [PowerApps and Flow Governance White Paper](https://aka.ms/powerappsadminwhitepaper)
